Add Paused Annotation Doc (#1190)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.12/concepts/scaling-deployments.md

metadata:
  annotations:
    autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas: "0"
    autoscaling.keda.sh/paused: "true"
```

> The presensce of these annotations will pause autoscaling no matter what number of replicas is provided. The annotation `autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas` will paused scaling immediately. And the annotation `autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas: "0"` will scale your current workload to 0 replicas and pause autoscaling. You can set the value of replicas for an object to be paused at to any arbitary number. If both `paused-replicas` and `paused-replicas` are set, KEDA will scale your current workload to the number specified count in `paused-replicas` and then pause autoscaling. To enable autoscaling again, simply remove all paused annotations from the `ScaledObject` definition. 

Reviewer: This might be more digestable/clear; thoughts?

```suggestion
The presence of these annotations will pause autoscaling no matter what number of replicas is provided.

The annotation `autoscaling.keda.sh/paused` will pause scaling immediately and use the current instance count while the annotation `autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas: "<number>"` will scale your current workload to specified amount of replicas and pause autoscaling. You can set the value of replicas for an object to be paused to any arbitrary number.

Typically, either one or the other is being used given they serve a different purpose/scenario. However, if both `paused` and `paused-replicas` are set, KEDA will scale your current workload to the number specified count in `paused-replicas` and then pause autoscaling.

To enable/unpause autoscaling again, simply remove all paused annotations from the `ScaledObject` definition. 
```
